projects/files/games/1_tic_tac_toe/README.md, before:

# Frontend Mentor - Tic Tac Toe

![Design preview for the Tic Tac Toe coding challenge](./preview.jpg)

## Welcome! 👋

Thanks for purchasing this premium Frontend Mentor coding challenge.

[Frontend Mentor](https://www.frontendmentor.io) challenges help you improve your coding skills by building realistic projects. These premium challenges are perfect portfolio pieces, so please feel free to use what you create in your portfolio to show others.

**To do this challenge, you need a strong understanding of HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.**

## The challenge

Your challenge is to build out this Tic Tac Toe game and get it looking as close to the design as possible.

You can use any tools you like to help you complete the challenge. So if you've got something you'd like to practice, feel free to give it a go.

Your users should be able to:

- View the optimal layout for the game depending on their device's screen size
- See hover states for all interactive elements on the page
- Play the game either solo vs the computer or multiplayer against another person
- **Bonus 1**: Save the game state in the browser so that it’s preserved if the player refreshes their browser
- **Bonus 2**: Instead of having the computer randomly make their moves, try making it clever so it’s proactive in blocking your moves and trying to win

### Expected behaviour

- You can choose to make the default screen either the new game menu or the solo player game board. Note that we're using the solo player game board for the design screenshot, so if you choose the new game menu it won't match up in the design comparison slider. This isn't a big deal, but is something worth considering.
- On the new game screen, whichever mark isn't selected for the first player is automatically assigned to the second player when the game is started.
- The first turn of the first round is always played by whoever is playing as X. For every following round, the first turn alternates between O and X.
- After a round, if the player chooses to quit the game, they should be taken back to the new game menu.
- If the restart icon in the top right is clicked, the "Restart game?" modal should show and allow the player to reset the game or cancel and continue to play.

Want some support on the challenge? [Join our Slack community](https://www.frontendmentor.io/slack) and ask questions in the **#help** channel.

### Screenshot

![](./assets/screenshot.png)

### Links

- Solution URL: [Add solution URL here](https://github.com/rameshkmunjal/rameshkmunjal.github.io/tree/master/projects/files/games/1_tic_tac_toe)
- Live Site URL: [Add live site URL here](https://rameshkmunjal.github.io/projects/files/games/1_tic_tac_toe/index.html)

## My process

### Built with

- Semantic HTML5 markup
- CSS custom properties
- Flexbox, Grid


### What I learned
vanillaJs practice

## Author

- Twitter - [@yourusername](https://www.twitter.com/tech_munjal)

Commit message:

changes in tic tac project

projects/files/games/1_tic_tac_toe/README.md, after:

# Frontend Mentor - Tic Tac Toe

![Design preview for the Tic Tac Toe coding challenge](./preview.jpg)

## Welcome! 👋

Thanks for purchasing this premium Frontend Mentor coding challenge.

[Frontend Mentor](https://www.frontendmentor.io) challenges help you improve your coding skills by building realistic projects. These premium challenges are perfect portfolio pieces, so please feel free to use what you create in your portfolio to show others.

**To do this challenge, you need a strong understanding of HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.**

## The challenge

Your challenge is to build out this Tic Tac Toe game and get it looking as close to the design as possible.

You can use any tools you like to help you complete the challenge. So if you've got something you'd like to practice, feel free to give it a go.

Your users should be able to:

- View the optimal layout for the game depending on their device's screen size
- See hover states for all interactive elements on the page
- Play the game either solo vs the computer or multiplayer against another person
- **Bonus 1**: Save the game state in the browser so that it’s preserved if the player refreshes their browser
- **Bonus 2**: Instead of having the computer randomly make their moves, try making it clever so it’s proactive in blocking your moves and trying to win

### Screenshot

![](./assets/screenshot.png)


### Links

- Solution URL: [Add solution URL here](https://github.com/rameshkmunjal/rameshkmunjal.github.io/tree/master/projects/files/games/1_tic_tac_toe)
- Live Site URL: [Add live site URL here](https://rameshkmunjal.github.io/projects/files/games/1_tic_tac_toe/index.html)

## My process

### Built with

- Semantic HTML5 markup
- CSS custom properties
- Javascript (VanillaJs)

### What I learned
    - This project gave me a great programming practice

### Continued development

    I hope to do such projects in future with greater efficiency  and clean code


### Useful resources
    stackoverflow.com
## Author


- Twitter - [@yourusername](https://www.twitter.com/tech_munjal)
